catalog-service/docs/README.md, before:

# 🍦 Catalog & Order Microservice (Resource Manager)

## 📖 Overview
The **Catalog Service** is the central authority for Glacier AI's artisanal product database and transaction ledger. It ensures that the premium boutique experience is backed by consistent, high-fidelity data.

## 🚀 Service Specifications
- **Service Name**: `glacier-catalog-service`
- **Internal Port**: `3002`
- **Database**: MySQL 8.0 (Relational Inventory & Orders)
- **Asset Strategy**: High-resolution photorealistic visuals served via verified Unsplash CDN.

## 🖼️ Image Sourcing
To guarantee a "Ready-to-Serve" experience in the developer sandbox, the Catalog Service manages a collection of high-definition Unsplash URLs. 
- **Reliability**: No local broken paths. 
- **Consistency**: All clients see identical, high-quality artisanal scoops.
- **Migration**: The service includes an auto-healing script that replaces any relative `/assets/` paths with CDN links upon database initialization.

## 📡 API Contract (Gateway Proxied)

### 1. Product Discovery
- **Endpoint**: `GET /product/list`
- **Response**: Array of `Product` objects including names, artisanal descriptions, and premium CDN `imageUrl` strings.

### 2. Order Management
- **Endpoint**: `POST /order/create`: Records a new transaction.
- **Endpoint**: `POST /order/my-orders`: Retrieves history for a specific authenticated `userId`.

## 🔄 Interaction Diagram
```text
[ Catalog Service ]
       |
       |--> Queries MySQL (Inventory Table)
       |--> Validates Image URLs
       |--> Returns Optimized JSON to Gateway
```

Commit message:

feat(ai): Integrate voice ordering and update Gemini prompts
This commit introduces voice ordering capabilities and refactors the Gemini service to support it. The `geminiService.ts` now includes a `connectVoiceAssistant` function and the AI flavor recommendation prompts have been updated to reflect the expanded premium ice cream menu.

Additionally, the `App.tsx` file has been updated to include state management for voice interaction, audio context handling, and audio processing utilities.

The documentation for the Authentication and API Gateway services has also been enhanced to reflect their roles in the enhanced AI integration and user experience.

catalog-service/docs/README.md, after:


# 🍦 Catalog & Order Microservice (Resource Manager)

## 📖 Overview
The **Catalog Service** is the central authority for Glacier AI's artisanal product database and transaction ledger. It ensures that the premium boutique experience is backed by consistent, high-fidelity data, managing both the "Artisanal Archive" and "User Order Logs."

## 🚀 Service Specifications
- **Service Name**: `glacier-catalog-service`
- **Internal Port**: `3002`
- **Database**: MySQL 8.0 (Relational Inventory & Persistent Order Ledger)
- **Asset Strategy**: High-resolution photorealistic visuals served via verified Unsplash CDN.

## 📡 API Contract (Gateway Proxied)

### 1. Product Discovery
- **Endpoint**: `GET /product/list`
- **Response**: Array of `Product` objects including names, artisanal descriptions, and premium CDN `imageUrl` strings.

### 2. Order Management (Ledger)
- **Endpoint**: `POST /order/create`: Records a new synthesis transaction.
- **Endpoint**: `POST /order/my-orders`: **[CRITICAL]** Retrieves the complete history for a specific authenticated `userId`. Used by the frontend to populate the "Order Logs" section in the Profile View.

## 🔄 Sensory Loop Interaction
1. **AI Consultation**: User receives recommendation via Gemini Live/Text.
2. **Synthesis**: User adds to bag and checkouts.
3. **Ledger Update**: Catalog Service persists the order in MySQL.
4. **UI Synchronization**: Frontend calls `/my-orders` to refresh the Profile view immediately after checkout or upon login.
